Plus, our R&D team has developed a new injection, it'll be so much more effective than the
previous oral medication.
The only downside being that it might harm the human trial subject a little more, but
how much of a risk will this pose on Samantha?
Well, we don't have any case studies yet to refer to, but Samantha is the only voluntary
subject to help aid your mother's condition.
Please discuss it with her.
You're not welcome here.
I know you have lung cancer and you're upset about it.
Don't worry, I won't tell my truth.
Get out.
Now!
You're already dying.
Stop dreaming about Richard.
You know well what I'm capable of.
What did you do?
How do you think Madam Helen found out about your mother sleeping with Gavin?
I cannot believe that you did this.